hi this is tim from latest 3ds games and
I've got some more in Tendo 3ds news for
you so first of all etrian odyssey for
well that is coming out to the US on
Nintendo 3ds at the end of februari just
to let you know there is going to be a
demo available on februari the seventh
again obviously in the US now apparently
is pretty extensive so much so that you
can actually carry across your saved
data one church the purchase the full
price game so definitely worth checking
out and just to let you know for Europe
I've got still no announcement on this
game I am expecting it to come to Europe
but unfortunately no confirmation yet
and it's definitely going to be a later
than februari could be much later in the
year moving along and it looks like it's
possible that the pikachu a special
edition nintendo 3ds XL may eventually
or certainly looks like it's going to
come to the u.s. finally and i'm saying
that because there's been some leaks and
rumors that it's coming to chile very
soon and apparently that is the same
3dsxl that goes to the US or sales in
the US so it's the same kind of
manufacturing and set up for that so the
ones that supply to Chile usually go to
the US so it does sound a little bit
vague and sorry about that but I'm I'm
fairly confident now that it is going to
make it to the US it's been pretty
popular certainly in Japan not quite as
popular in Europe but I think they feel
it's going to be very popular over in
the States so I don't see any reason now
why they won't release it so keep your
fingers crossed on that one just finally
if you weren't aware just to let you
know it's kind of 3ds related but not so
much this bit of news and it is the
exclusive resident evil revelations is
actually coming out on the wii u now
I've brought some more news on this on
my other channel the Nintendo blogger if
you want to check it out and
will be available in May that's it for
this update this has been timp ali to
3ds games thanks for watching